capital = 525 #South Korea - Seoul or Busan

oob = "KOR_1936"

set_research_slots = 5

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		ww1_ship_hull_light = 1
		ww1_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 30

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 35
	fascism = 25
	communism = 30
	neutrality = 10
}

recruit_character = KOR_cho_bong_am
recruit_character = KOR_kim_gu
recruit_character = KOR_yi_un
recruit_character = KOR_syngman_rhee
recruit_character = KOR_hong_sa_ik
recruit_character = KOR_kim_hong_il
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_jae_hong
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_changho
recruit_character = KOR_kim_chang_ryong
recruit_character = KOR_ham_tae_young
recruit_character = KOR_franziska_donner
recruit_character = KOR_kim_jeong_ryeol
recruit_character = KOR_choi_yong_deok
recruit_character = KOR_lee_beom_seok
recruit_character = KOR_lee_beom_seok_civ
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_ho_sang
recruit_character = KOR_shin_song_mo
recruit_character = KOR_jeong_ju_yeong
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kang
recruit_character = KOR_ji_cheong_cheon
